Li came to congratulate with a century-old ginseng
Zhang came to congratulate with a pearl necklace
Hahaha Li Shuai Li Shuai Li Shuai
Long time no see.
Always be reconciled, my little Zhang
I went to your house for a birthday party
Hahahaha
I remember now.
Last time you sat at the kid's table
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
I'm sitting at the kids' table.
You have a good memory, hahahaha.
Today is the 5-acre deal.
The two of you suddenly shouldn't be here for dinner
We're certainly not here to eat
It's something to discuss
These two gifts are just a little sweetness
As long as you agree to our terms
I'm not interested in your offer
If you two are here for dinner, please hand over outside
If the meal is not to your liking
Then don't go
We didn't say anything yesterday.
I'm in a hurry to rush people
Is it too disrespectful to us?
Wu Tianxie is too rampant
Both officers are here
How do you speak defiantly?
You are killing yourself
Offended two officers
You have to implicate us and apologize
Apologize quickly
In Qingshan Town
I don't have to apologize to anyone.
No need to apologize to anyone
Just my order
Wu Tian is so stupid
Do you really think we have no cards?
The two of me together have 100,000 army
Once you enter Qingshan Town
Don't say you ordered
Even if the commander orders
I'm afraid it doesn't work either.
Who said just now that the Grand Marshal's order doesn't work?